I didn't expect Mr. Lu to understand Li Shu so well
The plum tree is reserved for its owner
Are you? If I remember correctly, this is the Tang House.
Who are you? I live here
On the contrary, Mr. Lu made it a little abrupt late at night
Coincidentally, I live here too
What? Are you kidding?
Am I kidding?
Hey, what's going on?
If my senior brother moves in, you have to move in too?
Hello, my senior brother just came back from abroad.
It is inconvenient to stay in a hotel
Is it inconvenient for you too?
Can you make it clear?
What do you want?
What do you say I want to do?
Chen Sheng, I will stay at their house for a few days
Song Yuchuan over there
You hear me better
Don't let him make any mistakes
Mr. Lu, I see Miss Tang's expression
Probably angry
Why didn't you tell him?
Your sister Zhu Tang's house is for him to wear well
That lunatic was forced into a divorce
Seeing that divorce and other dates are coming
He might have done something.
If I really want to go through my head
More can only be done with fingers
It's between men
Don't want to do it yourself
Then I'll accompany him
But no but
What are you going to do?